Welcome, in this video, we're going to review the pull request and then accept it.
I'm currently logged into GitHub, and on the "starter-web" repository.
In particular, I'm on the upstream version of that repository in "scm-ninja",
and I have loaded the page for the pull request that I just submitted,
which is pull request "#6", "Adding README file". And, I'm viewing this
pull request as my main user that I just submitted the pull request as.
In another browser, I'm logged in as another user on GitHub;
in particular, a user that has read and write access to this repository.
Write access is required in order to accept pull requests.
As that user, I'm going to go to my pull requests, that are part of my repository.
Once on the list of pull requests, I can go to the pull request that I'm interested in reviewing.
I'm going to select the top one, which is adding readme file.
On this page, I can see who submitted the pull request,
what commits were involved, and the files changed.
In this case, I see that we're adding a new file "README.md".
Let's go back to conversation; I can associate a comment
with this pull request, using the Markdown syntax if I wish to.
In addition to standard Markdown, GitHub supports a GitHub flavored version
of Markdown which has several extra features, including emoticons.
Any time you want to preview your comment, you can click on preview.
And, once you're done, click on "Comment", or if you wish to
close the pull request at the same time, "Close and comment".
Since I don't want to close this pull request, I'm going to click on "Comment".
Great, now if I scroll up, I can see the comment that this user then left
for this pull request. Also, if I flip over to files changed,
I have the ability to leave comments at the source code level.
For example, I could go to line 5, click on the "+" mark,
which expands out a comment field. I leave a comment here; I'm going to preview it.
Since I'm happy I can leave the comment by clicking on "Comment'.
And now, that particular comment is inserted between lines 5 and 6.
And, since this part of the pull request operates much like
other diff type sections of GitHub, we can change our view from unified to split,
which, in this case, doesn't make a lot of sense
since we just created a completely new file, but you can see that "README.md"
has no content on this side and all the content on the other side.
I also have the option to show or hide notes; if I uncheck, I no longer see my notes.
If I re-check it, then those notes re-appear. Returning back to conversation,
I'm able to review the merge status of this pull request,
and GitHub will let me know if this branch can be automatically merged or not.
Green check means it can; GitHub would let you know otherwise.
Once you're happy with the pull request, click on "Merge pull request".
I'm given the opportunity to modify what's going to be the commit message
for this pull request merge. For now, I'm going to leave it the same.
Once you're happy click on "Confirm merge". Great, now we get a nice little merge icon,
stating that this pull request has been merged into "scm-ninja:master",
and, while I'm still on this page, I have the opportunity to revert this pull request
if somehow I made a mistake. If I return back to my main browser,
I see that the status is already reflected on the main browser that I have,
logged in as my main user account.
And, I see that a different user accepted my pull request.
Directly from the pull request page, I have the option to delete the branch
once the pull request has been merged in successfully.
Since I don't need the branch once all the changes have been
merged into master, I'm going to delete the branch.
Great, now I see an indicator showing that I have deleted the branch.
And, while I'm on this page, I have the option to restore the branch,
if for some reason I deleted the branch by mistake.
Now I'm going to click on the "starter-web", and that will take me back
to the main page of this repository. And, I'd like to show you after the
pull request has been accepted, the pull request changes status from open to closed,
but, I can still access it by going to the pull request and then clicking on closed.
That will show me all closed pull requests with "Adding README" at the top,
at which point I can revert my changes and even restore that branch,
and I can see all the comments associated with this pull request.
If I needed to, I can continue the conversation.
Alright, now that we're finished with our pull request example,
I'm going to click on the octocat icon, to return back
to my newsfeed page for my logged in user.